# FishBot
This is a graduate project done as a prof of concept for AI perception and robotics
Included in the project are three directories "Fish_bot_1_0", "Motor_test", and "tcs34725".
The Fishbot directory contains the arduino code for the actual robot based on our specification. The Motor_test contains the code we used to test the motor functionality with the arduino motor shield. Finally the tcs directory contains the testing code we used to test the arduino functionality with the TCS34725 color sensors. Additionally there is a txt file containing additional code we used for testing certain cases when we were trying to speed up the polling rate of the sensors.
Currently the robot is designed to move in 4 directions with omni-wheels based on which color sensor is blockedin the fish tank. In the future it would be possible to add additional movement functionality with either additional cases or additional color sensors to be able to move diagonally, as the omni-wheels are designed in a way that you can move in any direction. The addition of more sensors will allow extra cases to be handled, however it may be possible to achieve similar performance by adding to the existing cases where if one sensor is covered, before you start moving in that direction, you also check if another sensor is covered and then you can determine if you should move in a lateral direction or a diagonal direction. Additionally, there are super sonic sensors which could be added to the robot which would allow the robot to detect objects to prevent it from running into things, and if angled downward could also prevent the robot from falling down stairs, both things we would have like to implement had we had time. Currently the robot has a custom polling rate for the color sensors since the base rates are 2.4MS, 24MS, 50MS, 101MS, 154MS, and 700MS respectively. The custom value we setup is around 300MS. The issue that arrises is that the higher the polling rate i.e. the smaller the number of milliseconds between polls, the less accurate the color sensors are. This is problematic as the way we use the color sensors is based on the lumins they detect. However, if you were to add an LED light source directly above each of the light sensors it could help increase the accuracy of the color sensors, since currently we use 1 LED light mounted above them all. The purpose for increasing the polling rate like we did is to make the robot more sensitive to rapid changes. The initial problem we faced was that if you covered a color sensor it could take up to 10 seconds to start moving the robot depending on where in the loop you covered the sensor, but increasing the polling rate allows it to determine a change much faster, which makes the robot much more sensitive to rapid changes.
The code itself is fairly well documented in line with explanations for everything used and how everything interacts, if there are any questions feel free to contact me.
